‐ Girl's got a good sense
of flow for her age.
‐ Gotta say, I'm impressed.
‐ Her form's
not too shabby, either.
‐ Being a fast learner comes
natural when you're so young.
‐ You know, you keep going on
about how young I am,
when actually,
now that I'm in this era,
I'm way older than all of you!
MAN: Don't you go
pulling our legs now.
‐ [yawns]
‐ MOROHA: It's true, though.
Not only that.
I'm about 450 years older
than every single one
of you guys.
‐ Hah!
‐ [cheering]
‐ Everyone's looking
so energetic today.
‐ Morning there, Grandpa.
‐ Looks like you've begun
to fit in quite well.
‐ It makes sense.
It's been a few days.
‐ Oh, really? In that case,
I have something for you.
‐ Yeah? Nice!
What'd you get me?
‐ That is an authentic
mummified foot of a kappa.
It brings you good fortune.
‐ This is the best gift ever!
‐ You know its value!
Kagome gave birth
to a truly wonderful daughter.
Thank you, Kagome,
‐ wherever you are.
‐ Oh?
‐ There is new meaning
to my life!
MOROHA: Aha!
Seems like our little friend
finally noticed us.
[giggles]
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "The Gateway to the Past."
I've decided I'm going
to return to the Feudal Era.
If both Setsuna and Moroha
come from there,
then it only makes sense that
the forest from my memories
has to be
from back then as well.
So even though I grew up
here in the present day,
I was actually born
back in the Feudal Era.
Of course, I'll always
be grateful to Papa Sota
for going out of his way
to raise me, but I can't‐‐
Miss Towa Higurashi...
stand up, please.
‐ Oh, yes.
Of course, Mr. Kirin.
‐ Whatever's out that window
won't save you
from my English class.
Now please read from line 23.
‐ "I am going to visit Kyoto
with my family..."
I'm pretty sure
learning English
won't be all that useful
in Feudal Japan.
[violin and piano playing]
TOWA: What can I do so that
Setsuna can sleep again?
There has to be a way
for us to lift the curse
so she can
go back to having dreams!
‐ Yeah, there is.
The answer's pretty obvious.
We gotta capture
the Dream Butterfly.
‐ So where do we find
this butterfly?
‐ Don't know.
Except I'm positive
it's not in the world
we're in right now.
‐ We must return
to our own timeline with haste.
‐ Uh‐huh. First we go back,
then find
and capture the Butterfly.
‐ It's as easy as that!
‐ What do you mean "easy"?
How do you plan on getting back
to the Feudal Era?
‐ Oh, yeah.
Well, no use
sweating the small stuff.
I'm sure the problem
will sort itself out.
‐ It doesn't matter
if I dream or not.
The lack of it
has never caused me to suffer.
‐ Bravo! [laughs]
You've mastered the instrument
in such a short time.
‐ It's thanks to the skill
of the teacher.
‐ You're a prodigy that comes
once in a hundred years‐‐
No, more like once in 500 years!
You know,
you can probably become
a worldwide violinist like me.
‐ Hey, Setsuna.
‐ Hmm?
Yes? What is it?
‐ Moroha wanted me
to come and get you.
‐ Oh? What does she want?
‐ She said she found a way
for you guys to go back home.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [grunting] There we go.
[laughs]
Hey, Setsuna, guess what!
Yours truly just found our way‐‐
Hold on.
What's with the fancy get‐up.
Ooh. Wow, Setsu.
You're lookin'
pretty cute there.
‐ I'll kill you.
Anyway, you found
a means to get back?
‐ Yeah, you bet I did.
Remember the first time we went
through the rainbow corridor
and we felt our energy
being sapped away?
A demon called Root Head
was the one stealing it.
‐ The plant demon?
Turns out it got tangled
with the roots
from the Tree of Ages,
and it created
a time‐traveling corridor.
‐ Oh? You did your research.
‐ Nah, I don't do
stuff like that.
I just asked it myself.
[giggles]
The root was sitting there,
looking pretty bored,
so I asked it a question or two,
and then it wouldn't shut up.
Anyway, whenever we wanna
get back to the other world,
we can get there by negotiating
with dusty old Root Head.
‐ I see. It's worth a shot.
But what's the bag for?
‐ I'm glad you asked!
It's just a few little things
I thought would be useful
for when we get back home!
Uh, whoops.
Wait. What's this?
Aw, it doesn't matter.
Into the bag, it goes!
Oh, and you gotta
check this out!
‐ Feast your eyes!
‐ [gasps]
This is the bounty
that's gonna buy me
a nice lunch.
‐ [groans]
‐ Let's see.
What other goodies are in here?
‐ How did she
get it all in there?
‐ Don't know.
SOTA: What are you three doing?
‐ Eh?
‐ [gasps]
Oh, hey, you're back!
‐ Hi, everyone.
‐ So how's it going, girls?
‐ Guess what.
Moroha was telling us
she figured out a way
for them to go back home.
‐ Really? That's great news.
‐ Is it true?
‐ But that backpack
you've got there,
it reminds me of the one
my sister used to have.
‐ Wouldn't taking
all that stuff along
‐ risk changing history?
‐ It'll be fine.
We'll tell everyone
it's secret demon magic stuff.
Oh! That's right.
‐ Mm? [gasps]
‐ Take care of this, would you?
‐ [giggles]
‐ Hmm?
[yelps]
When did she spend this all?!
‐ Your adorable niece just
needed to do a little shopping.
‐ [nervous laugh]
Oh, yeah, real adorable.
‐ Alright!
Our preparations are complete!
Time to make our grand return
to the Warring Age!
[both chuckle]
[bird squawks]
[wind blowing]
‐ [knock at the door]
‐ [gasps]
Papa Sota.
‐ Ah, hey, Towa.
‐ Grammy told me
you were in here.
Can I talk to you for a sec?
‐ Sure. What is it?
‐ Well‐‐Oh, she's really pretty.
Are these pictures
of your older sister?
‐ Uh‐huh. That's Kagome.
‐ What kind of person was she?
‐ Well, let's see.
She was always causing a ruckus,
but in a very different way
than you do.
‐ [gasps] I'm sorry for
causing trouble all the time.
I don't know why
I'm always so selfish.
‐ [laughs]
You are just like her.
And she also went
to the Feudal Era.
‐ [gasps] How'd you know I‐‐
‐ Well, it's true, right?
You want to go with them.
‐ But I still
haven't repaid you
for raising me
all these years.
‐ You don't owe us anything.
‐ [gasps]
‐ I knew this day
was coming sooner or later,
ever since
the night I found you
barefoot and alone
in front of the Sacred Tree.
‐ Even if I stay here,
I'll still end up
causing more trouble for you
in the long run.
‐ You don't
have to worry about us.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Follow your own heart, Towa.
‐ [sighs]
[crying] Thank you...
for everything, Dad.
‐ [chuckles]
GRANDPA: Moroha,
the Elders Association
would like to give you
a parting gift.
‐ Hey! That's awesome.
Give them my regards, will you?
‐ Moroha.
‐ Hmm?
‐ If you see Kagome,
please tell her I said hi.
‐ Uh, yeah, you got it.
Though I don't really know her.
‐ I can't believe
we're sending off
a once‐in‐500‐year prodigy
to the Feudal Era.
Just promise
you'll take care of that violin.
‐ Yes. Thank you.
And I'll play on nights
I can't sleep.
‐ I'm going now.
‐ Take care of yourself.
‐ I'll miss you!
‐ Come back, OK?
‐ Eh?
‐ You have to promise
that you'll come back!
You, too, Setsuna!
Same for you, Moroha!
All three of you
better come home!
‐ [sighs]
[chuckles]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Come here.
I'm gonna miss you, too, Mei.
I can't make a promise,
but I'll do my best.
‐ That's no fair!
You have to promise me!
‐ Oh, alright.
Once we get
Setsuna's dreams back,
I'll come home for sure.
Come on, you two.
We have to promise Mei.
‐ The Warring Age isn't
a place out of fairy tales.
If you're not prepared to die‐‐
‐ I am prepared, but that
doesn't mean I plan on dying.
And, hey,
if I'm vigilant enough,
I know that I
can make it home safely.
‐ [scoffs]
Alrighty, let's get
this show on the road.
Hey, Root Head!
We have something
you can't get from this era,
three Rainbow Pearls
chock‐full of demon power!
I know you've been
wanting these babies!
All we ask in return
is to let us pass back through
to the Warring Age,
and then we'll let you have
the Gold, Silver,
and Red Rainbow Pearls.
Sound good, Root Head?
Eh?
[Root Head roars]
Fine! We have a deal!
‐ Hmm?
‐ Lady Kaede,
do you see that light?
‐ Indeed. It's coming
from the Sacred Tree.
‐ I think you're right.
Is Setsuna coming back?
‐ She just might be.
‐ [gasps] Kirara.
[Kirara roars]
‐ I'll notify Uncle Kohaku!
‐ OK, this is it!
‐ It's the same as before.
‐ Oh! That's my backpack!
Damn it!
‐ Hey, wait, you two!
‐ Give it back!
‐ Come on. [gasps]
‐ [stifled crying]
‐ Thank you...
for being my family.
See you soon.
‐ It's a promise!
I love you, Towa!
I love all of you!
[insects chirping]
‐ I'm sure they'll come home.
‐ Of course they will.
They're our family.
‐ They're my adorable
great‐grandchildren.
‐ Yes, they are.
No doubt about it.
‐ That's right.
When I was four,
I passed through
this exact same corridor.
The Feudal Era is ahead of us.
Setsuna's dreams
were stolen there.
Don't worry.
I promise
I'll get them back for you.
‐ Moroha, are you sure
it was wise
to make a deal with Root Head?
‐ Oh, yeah. It'll be fine.
If it comes down to it,
I have no problem killing him.
Mm, wait a minute, Setsuna.
Did you just call me by my name?
‐ [sighs]
Is that a problem?
‐ Nope, not at all!
I kinda like it!
‐ Yes, it is a problem!
You lied to him.
You should be ashamed!
‐ It wasn't a lie.
It was a means to an end.
Eh...
[gasps]
[water dripping]
‐ [echoing] A decade's
worth of time has passed.
The Half‐Demon Princesses
travel beneath my feet.
If my predictions are correct,
then those three
will indeed save the world.
For now, I shall
allow Root Head to dream.
‐ Are we in the Feudal Era?
MOROHA: No. Something's off.
SETSUNA: Stay alert.
‐ You took us
down the wrong path,
didn't you, Moroha?
‐ How was I supposed to do that
when there was only one path?
‐ Towa, you should be aware,
in the Warring Age,
there's no room for hesitation.
‐ Yeah, I get that.
‐ If you don't strike down
your enemy first,
they will kill you.
‐ If it's just you,
then it's fine,
but if you're gonna screw up
and get yourself killed,
try not to drag us down
with you.
‐ Wow, thanks a bunch.
‐ Up ahead.
‐ [gasps]
‐ What is that thing?
‐ [echoing] I've been expecting
you, Half‐Demon Princesses.
‐ [echoing] I've expected you,
Half‐Demon Princesses.
‐ What do you mean?
Are you referring to us?
‐ This isn't Root Head, is it?
‐ Don't think so.
There's no demon energy.
‐ Tell us who you are.
‐ I am the Tree of Ages.
‐ Is the Tree of Ages
supposed to look
like a priestess, or what?
‐ No. This is only
a borrowed appearance.
The form you see
before you was created
from the spirit of the arrowhead
from the Arrow of Sealing
that was embedded in my trunk.
I believe
the name of the priestess
to whom it belonged was Kikyo.
MOROHA: Kikyo?
SETSUNA: Are you the one
who summoned us to this place?
‐ Yes, I am.
I have a request,
daughters of Sesshomaru.
Now listen.
‐ Hoo hoo! See?
I told you you were his kids!
Hey, wait a second!
Sorry to break it to you,
but I'm not
Sesshomaru's daughter.
‐ Save your complaints until
I am done speaking, Moroha.
‐ [sputters] Wait.
How did the tree know my name?
‐ Alright, then.
Tell us your request.
‐ There is a demon
I would like you to slay.
MOROHA: You got it!
It's Root Head, right?
‐ It's not.
Root Head is of no consequence.
The one I want slain
is the Beast King Kirinmaru.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Kirinmaru?
‐ He's attempting to twist time,
swallow this world
into the Degenerate Age,
and return it
back to nothingness.
Kirinmaru is a king who,
alongside the Great Dog‐Demon,
had long reigned
over the demon beasts.
Kirinmaru ruled in the East.
Meanwhile, the one
who held power in the West
was your grandfather,
the Great Dog‐Demon.
[all gasp]
‐ The Great Dog‐Demon, huh?
You don't say.
I've heard that name before.
‐ Equal in strength,
the two warriors
ruled their lands
while keeping watch
over each other
to maintain
the balance of power.
However, your father Sesshomaru
renounced his birthright
to the Great Dog‐Demon title,
walking his own path instead.
Taking that as an opportunity,
Kirinmaru plots to plunge
this world into devastation.
The power to travel across time
would be a necessary ability
in order to stop him.
‐ I see.
So that's where we come in.
‐ That's correct.
As ones with deep ties
to the Great Dog‐Demon,
you three are the world's
best hope to slay Kirinmaru.
So, Half‐Demon Princesses,
will you accept?
‐ Don't know about them,
but I'll do it!
And after I kill him,
I expect there to be
a great big bounty
waiting for me.
‐ And what about you,
daughters of Sesshomaru?
‐ I refuse.
[both gasp]
‐ You will not take up the task?
‐ I will not.
I deny your request.
‐ For what reason?
‐ First off,
I do not know this Sesshomaru,
who you claim to be my father.
If all this
is due to his failure,
I see no reason
for us to atone for it.
If it's necessary
for Kirinmaru to die,
then Sesshomaru should be
the one who deals with it.
Tree of Ages,
you're asking
the wrong people for help.
‐ [laughs]
It seems I was correct
to place confidence in you.
[all gasp]
‐ Sesshomaru
cannot defeat Kirinmaru.
That is because
these two Beast Kings
are currently walking
the same path.
Defeat Kirinmaru,
and Sesshomaru will emerge.
Similarly, defeat Sesshomaru,
then Kirinmaru will.
In other words, you must
defeat them at the same time.
‐ I don't know what you mean.
‐ This is not in atonement
for any failures
on Sesshomaru's part.
What I am asking you for
is to defeat two demons
walking down the wrong path.
‐ Then that's an even bigger
reason than before
that we can't do
what you're asking of us!
[both gasp]
‐ Even if we've
never met him before,
you just said Sesshomaru
is our father, didn't you?
So how could you ask us,
his own daughters,
to do something like that?
‐[sighs]
‐ Are you telling me
that the two daughters
of the demon Sesshomaru
are refusing to accept
my request for their aid?
‐ Yes, that's right!
You heard me!
You can count us out!
‐ [groans]
‐ It seems you are unfamiliar
with the consequences
of disobeying the Tree of Ages.
‐ Listen, I won't let anyone
influence the path
I choose to walk.
‐ Agreed. I will do as I please.
‐ I ask one last time.
Will you not slay him?
‐ The answer is no.
‐ Yeah. Mine, too!
‐ Let us pass,
or we'll cut you down.
‐ Are we seriously
doing this right now?
‐ As you wish.
Fate is a continuous cycle.
We'll meet again.
‐ What?
‐ Whoa, what the hell?
‐ Awaken, Root Head.
The Rainbow Pearls you desired
are going to elude your grasp.
‐ Lady Kaede, could
this presence actually be...
‐ Yes. Root Head's
demon power is increasing.
‐ But why?
‐ [all gasp]
‐ We should move back!
It's too dangerous here!
‐ [gasps]
Hey, are the both of you OK?
‐ Where are we?
‐ Uh‐oh.
Of all the places
she could have sent us,
the Tree of Ages
delivered us to Root Head.
‐ We had a deal.
Now hand over
the three Rainbow Pearls.
‐ So this is Root Head.
‐ Sorry, Roots,
but we can't give you
the Pearls anymore.
‐ Then I'll kill you
where you stand.
‐ Cyclone Burst!
‐ [yells]
‐ Crimson Dragon Wave!
TOWA: There's no end to it!
SETSUNA: Root Head
should have a weak spot.
‐ If we can find it...
‐ [gasps]
‐ [shrieks]
Wh‐What's going on?
My Kikujumonji is fading!
‐ Your demon power is
being drained. That's no good.
‐ Moroha, is there
any way to stop it?
‐ Uh, oh, that's right.
My present! [giggles]
Here we go! Yo!
How'd you like a taste
of a lucky kappa's foot?!
‐ [shrieks]
‐ Yes! My powers are back.
‐ [laughs]
Thanks, Grandpa! You were right!
That old foot
totally brought us good luck!
‐ We'll hit it all at once.
Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [shrieks]
‐ Heavenly Arrow Barrage!
‐ [gasps]
Hey, that light.
Towa, aim for the spot
right under his eye!
That's its weak spot.
Now finish him off!
‐ You can't win!
TOWA: I see it.
Don't hesitate.
Don't hesitate! Don't hesitate!
[yells]
‐ [dragon roars]
‐ What the...
‐ Her demon power
turned into a blue dragon!
‐ [screaming]
‐ [gasps]
[all yelling]
[all grunt]
‐ Eh? [groans]
‐ Are you OK down there, Moroha?
This is the Feudal Era, huh?
‐ KOHAKU: Setsuna!
‐ Eh?
HISUI: You're back!
KOHAKU: I'm glad you're safe.
‐ I am, and I
finally managed to return.
‐ Thank goodness for that.
What happened to Root Head?
I can't sense
his demon energy anymore.
‐ We killed
that crusty old weed.
‐ You did what?
Is that really true?
‐ [gasps] That's right.
If we defeated Root Head,
how are we going to get back
to the Modern Era?
Maybe this wasn't
such a good idea after all.
‐ Those girls have
such strong fighting spirits.
They had the audacity to deny
the wish of the Tree of Ages.
Are you sure about this?
If you choose
to forsake this girl,
she will never awaken.
I suppose
this is one path as well.
Perhaps this is
all for the best,
to remain unchanged.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: Setsuna and I
meet with the demon slayers
and accept jobs
to slay demons.
We follow a strange boy
who collects bones
and run into Moroha.
SETSUNA: Moroha,
your prey's here, too?
MYOGA: As one
of the Four Perils,
Tokotsu's bounty is
not just a simple bag of gold.
He's worth
at least a gold ingot.
MOROHA: Come on! We can
split the bounty three ways!
TOWA: Next time on Yashahime,
"Jakotsumaru
of the Red Bone Palace"
JAKOTSUMARU: The one
who murdered my father
was Moroha the Demon Killer!